# FTC Mock

FTC SDK (sort of) brought to a Java console application.
We, [FTC Team 17870 Perpetuum Mobile](https://ftc-events.firstinspires.org/team/17870), developed this for didactic
purposes as we organized an FTC themed Java course for beginners at our school.

## How to use

1. Clone this repository
2. Open the project in your favorite IDE
3. Open [org.example.main.Main](./org/example/main/Main.java)
4. Run the main method
5. Edit it to your liking

## Documentation

The documentation is in the code. It is mostly taken from the official [Javadoc](https://ftctechnh.github.io/ftc_app/doc/javadoc),
but it was autogenerated by GitHub Copilot on our end and may contain errors. So please consult both sources.

## Notes

Version status: Meme

Please note this should not be used outside any educational purposes as it is very primitive compared to the real
SDK. We know this has the potential to enable Unit Testing, but we'd advise against that use as of right now.
It is also not guaranteed to be bug-free. (We're not Java engineers, we're just students.)

Most values returned from hardware getter methods (especially the Gamepads) are random. We may add a way to control the values
on each iteration in the future.

As of right now, this is not a library, so all projects using this will have to first clone this repo and edit over this. We may change this in the future.

### Limitations
[LinearOpMode](https://ftctechnh.github.io/ftc_app/doc/javadoc/com/qualcomm/robotcore/eventloop/opmode/LinearOpMode.html)
is not supported. It really was a PITA to try and implement and the results were not satisfactory. For teaching purposes,
[OpMode](https://ftctechnh.github.io/ftc_app/doc/javadoc/com/qualcomm/robotcore/eventloop/opmode/OpMode.html) is enough.

We should also point out that not all hardware pieces were implemented. We only implemented the ones we used in our robot.
If you want to add more, feel free to do so. It's not that hard. All the internal stuff is located
in [ro.eminescusm.pm.mock.internal](./ro/eminescusm/pm/mock/internal).

## Contributing
If people are actually interested in this, we can add more features. Just open an issue or a pull request.
For now, updates may come at random times.

## Authors
- AleXutZu - [GitHub](https://github.com/AleXutzZu)